SR-822 [session-replay] note on stitching together replays (#609)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/session-replay/en/session-replay-standalone-sdk.md

`[Amplitude] Session Replay ID` is a unique identifier for the replay, and is different from `[Amplitude] Session ID`, which is the identifier for the user's session.

{{partial:admonition type="info" heading=""}}

> Session replays are linked using a session replay ID. To combine multiple sessions into a single replay, ensure that the same device ID and session ID are consistently used across those sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude links replays with a session replay ID.  To combine multiple sessions into a single replay, ensure each session references the same device ID and session ID.

To combine multipe se
```

`[Amplitude] Session Replay ID` is a unique identifier for the replay, and is different from `[Amplitude] Session ID`, which is the identifier for the user's session.

{{partial:admonition type="info" heading=""}}
Amplitude links replays with a session replay ID.  To combine multiple sessions into a single replay, ensure each session references the same device ID and session ID.

> To combine multipe se

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
